alum BIA pictures will take you back way
back to the year one hi EEMA yeah
she doesn't even know I exist there's
like 60 people in the village she I mean
we really have to go out of your way to
not know that somebody exists drag it
back to your huts what if she struggles
give her a little tap on the hip Oh
women respond to that that's the tree of
the knowledge of good people that's sort
of a knowledge you taste yeah it doesn't
have a sort of forbidden taste cuz
that's what it is good burst man you
better get out of here I'm going I start
a new tribe danger we're good my brother
came now I just have to figure out a way
to rescue her these guys are killers
we have an incredible destiny
I want you to enter the Holy of Holies
that is quite a coincidence because that
once you desist on the pulley of pulleys
[Music]
mama
[Applause]
[Music]
I never got a sword I only got the
holder I didn't know that that's what it
was for that guy this is a kid so you
got something against kids this guy
hates kids
Oh kids got an arm two of us one I need
to go be a slave now we should do
something when when do you get off
never oh yeah of course I'm gonna strike
opposing it
[Music]